# app7
Abstract. The constrained optimization data compatibility approach proposed here aims at a point that is `close enough' to the solution set and whose objective function value is 'close enough' to the constrained minimum. We consider the problem of minimizing a convex function at the intersection of a set of fixed points of an unextended map and demonstrate the data compatibility of the hybrid subgradient method (HSM). The data min{ f(x) | x ∈ C} for a constrained minimization problem consists of an objective function f and a set of constraints C. Asymptotic analysis of the convergence of an algorithm to solve a problem usually requires that the problem's solution set is non-empty.


X* in C with the property that f(x∗) ≤ f(x) for all x ∈ C.
Pursuing data compatibility is a worthy goal, since the set C and the solution set of the constrained minimization problem can be "reached" even if they are not empty, unlike the asymptotic limit. A precise definition of these terms means that compatibility with the data pair (C, f) can be achieved under certain conditions through an iterative process designed to provide constraints for solving the optimization problem. The advantage of these data compatibility concepts is that they better reflect real-world situations. On the theoretical side, instead of proving the asymptotic convergence of the iterative process and then investigating the effects of different stopping rules, we should directly formulate data compatibility and empirically guarantee that it can be achieved through the iterative process. The problem formulation and algorithms used in the demonstration serve only as a means of presenting a data compatibility approach that we believe to be novel. To this end, we investigate the behavior of a particular iterative process of convex minimization over the intersection of a fixed set of points of nonextended operators, called the Hybrid Subgradient Method (HSM). In contrast to many existing studies, instead of examining the asymptotic convergence of the generated sequences, we specify conditions under which the iterative HSM process produces a compatible solution for the data pair (Fix(T), f). However, in all these previous studies, the central issue is not data compatibility, but the asymptotic convergence of algorithms under various conditions.
